Address #619: add a note about `*` variant (#666)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/formatting.md

This is done by ordering and filtering the available _variant_ statements
according to their _key_ values and selecting the first one.

> [!NOTE]
> At least one _variant_ is required to have all of its _keys_ consist of
> the fallback value `*`.
> Some _selectors_ might be implemented in a way that this _variant_
> cannot be selected in a _valid_ _message_.

> > In other cases, this _variant_ might be unreachable only in certain locales.

Reviewer: I'm not sure the note about locales is relevant here? How about:

```suggestion
> In other cases, this _variant_ may be interpreted as a valid catch-all variant, rather than a fallback in case of failed selection.
```

This is done by ordering and filtering the available _variant_ statements
according to their _key_ values and selecting the first one.

> [!NOTE]
> At least one _variant_ is required to have all of its _keys_ consist of

> > the fallback value `*`.

Author: Thanks. The phrasing is a bit chewy. I didn't want to create a new term like "exhaustive variant" just for the note.

> > Some _selectors_ might be implemented in a way that the key value `*`
> > cannot be selected in a _valid_ _message_.

Reviewer: How about we give an example of such a selector? 

```suggestion
> Some _selectors_ might be implemented in a way that the key value `*`
> cannot be selected in a _valid_ _message_.
> 
> ```
> .match {$result :boolean}
> true {{Result is true}}
> false {{Result is false}}
> * {{Unreachable}}
> ```
```

I think this would make it easier to understand why the next sentence starts with "in other cases... only in certain locales".

Author: I'd like to avoid using functions that don't exist 😉 

```
.match {$boolean :string}
true  {{Result is true}}
false {{Result is false}}
*     {{Unreachable?}}
```

> In other cases, this key value might be unreachable only in certain locales.
> This could result in the need in some locales to create
> one or more _variants_ that do not make sense grammatically for that language.

> > > For example, in the `pl` (Polish) locale, this _message_ cannot reach
> > > the `*` _variant_:
> > > ```
> > > .match {$num :integer}
> > > 0    {{ }}
> > > one  {{ }}
> > > few  {{ }}
> > > many {{ }}
> > > *    {{Only used by fractions in Polish.}}
> > > ```

Reviewer 2: Would this be a simpler example for what's being demostrated here?

```suggestion
> > For example, in the `en` (English) locale, this _message_ cannot reach
> > the `*` _variant_ unless `$num` is not a valid number:
> > ```
> > .match {$num :number}
> > one   {{ }}
> > other {{ }}
> > *     {{ }}
> > ```
```

Author: Do we really want to promote the use of `other` with the number functions? In English? I thought the Polish example was clever because it naturally exposes the issue at hand (and begs the question "what does that message say?"). But happy to accept this too...

Reviewer 2: As I've understood, in Polish `many` _is_ the fallback category, so explicitly including it (as in your example) is not really any different from my proposal.
